Add release notes (#639)
etn-ccis/blui-doc-it: src/docs/release-notes/R26/FullNotes.mdx

import React from 'react';

## GitHub Enterprise Migration

> -   Migrated our code base to a [new location](https://github.com/etn-ccis?q=blui), organized using GitHub Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Migrated our code base to a [GitHub Enterprise](https://github.com/etn-ccis?q=blui) to align with other Eaton platform teams.
```

## Documentation Site

-   Added style guidelines for designing [app store logos](/style/logo).
-   Added design guidelines for the [buttons](/patterns/buttons) design pattern.
-   Added guidelines for how to request, conduct and interpret a [UI design audit](/design/design-audit).
-   Added a page featuring a list of currently published [Brightlayer UI based projects](/community/blui-projects).

## Figma Component Sticker Sheet

-   Added new text field-based components, such as Physical Location Address Text Fields, Phone Number Text Fields, to the Figma component sticker sheet.
-   Added a new component, App Logo Template, to help designers design their product app store logos.
-   Added iPhone's "Dynamic Island" as a component.
-   Added a Breadcrumb component.

## Angular

-   Updated our packages to support Angular 14.

> ## React

Reviewer: This was a bugfix, I would either leave it out or lump it under the bugs heading. It's a very low level fix to be highlighted in release notes.

-   Removed our packages' dependency on `@mui/styles`.

## Misc

-   Bug fixes & minor updates.

> -   The Brightlayer UI CLI can now only generate new React and React Native projects in typescript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Dropped support for Javascript — moving forward all of our packages, examples, and templates will exclusively use Typescript. The Brightlayer UI CLI will now only generate typescript projects.
```

## Package Summary

#### Angular

-   @brightlayer-ui/angular-components v8.0.1 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-angular-component-library/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))
-   @brightlayer-ui/angular-themes v8.0.0 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-angular-themes/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))
-   @brightlayer-ui/angular-auth-workflow v4.0.0 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-angular-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/CHANGELOG.md))

#### React

> -   ❗️@brightlayer-ui/react-components v6.2.0 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-component-library/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))

Reviewer: Why do these have exclamation points?

Author: From the PR description: 

>   - Note that packages marked with a `❗️` is waiting for master PR / publishing

-   @brightlayer-ui/react-themes v7.1.0 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-themes/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))
-   @brightlayer-ui/react-auth-workflow v3.1.1 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/CHANGELOG.md))

#### React Native

-   ❗️@brightlayer-ui/react-native-components v7.1.0 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))

> -   ❗️@brightlayer-ui/react-native-auth-workflow v5.0.1 ([Changelog](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-workflows/blob/master/login-workflow/CHANGELOG.md))

Reviewer 2: The RN auth workflow will be v5.1.0
